The music terms can be found at 
https://www.musicnotes.com/now/tips/how-to-read-sheet-music/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheet_music

A music sheet is called a note sheet, a music sheet, a score sheet, or any of the combined. 

A music sheet begins with the part to specify the speed of a song (or tempo), which is defined by number of beats per minute. A beat is denoted as a quater note. For example, quarter notes = 76 means 76 quarter notes or 76 beats per minute. But this part is confusing, as the quarter note in this part refers to the total number of beats. But this is not consistent with the meaning of aquarter note in the rest of the score sheet, which refers to one beat. So the first take is that guys creating this crap were not quite smart, ...or is that so?

The section with five lines (or leger lines) is called the staff. It indeed includes lines and the spaces between the lines. On the left of the score lines, there is a compound sound called key signature. It indicates which key to be sharp or flat. On the left there is also a time signature to indicate the number of beats in a bar. For example, 3/4 for three beats in a bar. But where the denominator /4 ? Because a beat is represented by the quater note (given that a beat not split up or combined with other beats). But why a quarter note, not simply a note? This question has to be left for those ancient geniuses. My theory is that they deliberately made it difficult. It might be a enigma system to protect their works. So they were not not-smart. They were just mean.

There are two staff lines for a piano score sheet, which is to represent the clefs. The staff line for the left hand is called bass clef, for the right hand called treble. So it represents a lower, and a higher voice to make. 

In the staff are bars. A bar is a collection of beats. Bars are also called measures. In bars, there are notes. Now the anatomy of a note: it contains a head, a stem, and a flag or flags. A white head without a stem represents a whole note, or a whole note. A whole note means the 4 beats. I'll skip the patterns of notes (black/white head, with/without a stem or flags). Anyways, the most common note is the quarter note, which represents a beat. Additionally, there are special notes to represent a rest moment (nothing to play). The notes for rest values are really funny, as they are in entirely different shapes (not the head-stem-flag style at all). There should have been simpler ways to denote the rest moments. But back to my theory, would the ancient musicians like to make your life easier?!

It'll be quite busy to have many notes with many flags together. In that case, the flags are replaced by lines linking the note stems. These linking lines are called beams. 

The position of a note on the staff system (lines and spaces) is to represent a tone to play. There are 7 basic tones in music, denoted by letter A through G. This is again a weird system for the following reasons. First, it starts with letter C, not A. So the sequence is like C, D, E, F, G, then A, and B! Secondly, the steps (a step is the highness of pitch between two tones) between each two neighboring tone is not even. Usually there is a full step between neighboring tones. But the exceptions are between E and F, and between B and the the next level's C. In these exceptions, there is a half step between the neighboring tones. Thirdly, despite that there are 7 basic tones, the whole tones system is comprised of 8 tones, for example, CDEFGAB, and plus the next level of C. The whole tones also has a jargon, called an octave. It has another jargon, called a scale. Sometimes a half step (or a semitone) is played between tones with a full step. In that case, if going up for half a step, it is called a sharp tone (e.g., a half step up from C is called sharp C). If going down for half a step, it is called a flat tone (e.g., a half step down from C is called flat C). But wait, isn't a flat C a B of the lower whole tones. Yup, don't blame me, as I did not create the system. 

Whea! Enough to know for the music notes. Wait, where is the term 'score'? Heck, forget about it as I don't know.

